i
very good everyone you know guys and in
come to a video blog on the channel and
Well the truth is that I've been this week
got 2 videoblogs I wanted to tell you
things and good I'm doing this
second videoblog because I think the
first it worked very well you understood me
the message perfectly and I think it's
better try to make a video of this from
this guy not commenting what is it
what I think and your opinions happen
also that is very good and incidentally I think
that the issue of power has been better
make a videoblog that you see me a little
the face even though he can see us
but you see me and more or less I think
that everything is clearer so good
thank you very much for all the support that
you gave him in the previous videoblog that
I was commenting on the subject of the section
more 18 the issue of strikes and so on
it's pretty clear and I'm very
happy with the result of that blog
so it may be that
the future of the channel is bringing a
little bit more of good videoblogs the thing
what do you want to comment on in this first
thank you very much for all the
support that I received until this week
because you know that we have the same day
a good moment I'm pretty fucked up
but good everything will happen and sure that
come better things and that can improve
all this trick but good the thing is
I'm raffling a west box in case
someone found out that I have a pen
I'm releasing a quad stoxx by
twitter I will surely leave you the tweet
here the description in case you want
win it you just have to give it
retweet to follow me and the
account and good to the company in this case
has provided me with the game so that
you can get to all of you and because in
a week or so winner was decided
a pc windows that the truth is that
it's very well in fact I want it and if
no, it will be my turn to buy veil and play it
but he also wanted to tell you that
I am very happy with how it is
running the channel a while ago I
put a limit has to know either
I complained simply that I noticed how
that the interaction had dropped a lot
not the issue of visits the subject of
all that one sees in the channel of his
Look a long time ago I had more visits or
I had more interaction than now when
suddenly to
totally and there has been an interaction
amazing and I'm having more than ever
and I am very happy with all the
result I think that although some
it seems bad there have been many games
plus one also not the more 18 but if not
all that kind of random games that I'm
they have the channel like that of super mario or
own games plus 18 I think they are
a fresh air for the channel and it comes
very good and I'm really happy
with the result they are having
apart from good you know that all the
topic of the strike that has fallen to me besides
I will touch censor a little more
the games but good we will continue
enjoying them and always
I will try left in the description a
link so you can download this
game is totally messed up my god
is that horrible hairs
well another thing I wanted to tell you is
the theme of parkour maps because
I have reduced a quite enough the
parkour that I went to the channel my channel has
been with many people to better has arrived
to my channel because he likes parkour or
what is believed in you and I am terrible
but good thing is that I had before
very much it went up a lot starting with
the basis that I did not have a schedule
canola had schedule I had when I started
on youtube but now back to
implement a schedule more than anything to
bring the content a bit to football not
because I think that
it is necessary half in quotation marks
because because it is a way to power
organize them when it comes to power
watch videos not determined and touch
some stick and sure it goes up this is
indicative because I maybe one day
do not feel like it and not just meet those of another
thing but more or less those days
I will try to fulfill what is going to go up
in this case I have reduced the subject a lot
of the parkour section because many
in the comments you said you see bored
both for courses and repro expensive and there
an overload of a content type
this case parkour as the people
I ended up getting tired and it's something that I saw
but I 've also seen that what
left too much aside when it 's something
that should be seen again power in
the channel therefore I wanted to ask you to
I did not put those comments we would like
have some parkour in the channel you can
to put on point is putting me please
this is because it is very important if I
you put the map of parkour ferrán or map
with effects or parkour map within
such or whatever my mail is very much
because there are days when we arrived
fancy as the best of a pixel art or
see a map that is very very curved a
heap
I have some fat fruits the thing is that
I already based my word is that the
maps of marcoule have been a bit
well or far away and I would like to see if
you want me to bring you back to
I'm not even better about petar the canal
as before but it's best to bring two maps
more per week but I will withdraw from
the best other section about mario by
pure truth that it has gone quite like
ass that looks a series that started very
ok but something bombs I'm going down
going down I think that in the end it can
to be even ended up discarding it although I
I would like to finish it and in this case
subscriber map that has always
and I also liked going to play them
it's not a method I say so
you can transmit to me so much in
the books you can not put things that
normal better since I can not read though
I always say that I try to read everything
absolutely everything and another thing that you
I wanted to ask you I ask but many things
but if you have random games like
for example the super Mario and I know that
he did not abandon his as well as there is no need
that is neither fear nor sexual nor people
exempt it from being weird like a game
I miss a random game because in it
you can mediate so much by message
private from youtube as to see if January
old point is because I like this guy
of content in fact I'm very
interested in his life
more games of this type I have one
prepared from pokemon that is as well as very
creepy and surely you see it very soon
but the thing is if you have this guy
of games that days do to me so
well, I do not think I have much
more than saying that you have the theme of
word doc you know that if you want to win it
free of charge and you can make a
little football and also very many
thanks for all the support I had this
You really sent me a week
lots of private messages very much
football and I'm really grateful
because I did not know there were so many people
behind not so many people who care about
truth is to thank I'm very happy and
that's why I'm going to try to bring more things and
thank you and surely this month
that the previous one I could not do that I'm going to
be giving the premium account of
minecraft because you deserve it and the
wash docs theme and all those are
games that draw for people who have
premium account as he hears also
he deserves to be able to win something else and I think
a west box comes in handy so now
you know that leaving your I like
your comment validated a lot
that we see a very big hug and
until the next